On Windows Server:
1. Ensure Web Server (IIS) is already installed with its default roles (Server Manager -> Add roles and features)
2. Powershell Admin, run the following:
    Invoke-WebRequest `
    -Uri "https://www.mailenable.com/Standard-Edition-Download.aspx" `
    -OutFile "C:\MailEnable-Standard.exe"

    or 

    curl -L "https://www.mailenable.com/standard1054.exe" -o "standard1054.exe"

3. Run the installer: Start-Process "C:\MailEnable-Standard.exe"
4. Follow the installer using default settings unless specified otherwise
5. When prompted input a name and the company (make it up), and click Next.
6. Hit Next a bunch of times until you get to “Get Postoffice Details.” The Post Office Name field will be populated with your domain (not mine, like Figure 30). And enter a password, then hit Next.
7. Hit next a couple more times and verify that the information in the SMTP Connector Configuration is correct. Again, it should be your domain, and DNS information.
8. Hit next a couple more times, until you come to the “Select Webmail Web Root,” windows. Make sure that the box is checked and the default web site is selected.
- If the box is not checked, you didn't download Web Server (IIS)
9. Hit next, and wait. Hit next again, finish.
10. Find MailEnable in your programs list, select it to open the program.
11. From the MailEnable Management menu, expand “Messaging Manager,” then “Post Offices,” select your domain and on the right under Actions, select Create Mailbox.
12. Create whatever account names and passwords you want.
13. 

Rocky Linux:
Install thunderbird (as root): dnf install thunderbird -y
1. Launch Thunderbird. To add an account, right click on “Local Folders,” and select settings. 
2. From the “Account Settings” window select “Account Actions” and the “Add Mail Account… ”.
3. Enter the user information for one of the accounts. Click Continue. 
4. If you have DNS configured correctly (especially the MX resource record), then Thunderbird will find your mail server automatically and all you need to do is click Done.
    If not, you’ll need to do some troubleshooting. By default, Thunderbird uses the FQDN of the mail server. Select 
    “Manual Configuration,” and check to see if it is using the FQDN, if not enter it. If it is still not connecting try 
    entering the IP Address of the server, if that works then your issue is with DNS. If not then check firewall settings, 
    trying pinging the mail server from the client to make sure there is network connectivity. Does DNS resolve to the 
    correct IP for the mail server

    Once the correct hostname for the mail server is configured and the ports are populated, click Done. Because we 
    did not configure Transport Layer Security for the mail server, a warning is shown (Figure 44), check the box “I 
    understand the risks.” Click “Confirm,” and then “Finish”. 

    If everything goes well, you should see the mailbox and an email notification. To do a quick test, try 
    sending an email to the user to see if they receive it. Using this as an example, starlord would send an email to 
    itself. 


Windows Client:
Install thunderbird: winget install Mozilla.thunderbird